morning this is a sabotage spawn trap on
down all right guys what is up
and today I'm bringing you guys a double
moab gameplay and you're like wow Chris
wasn't that one of your goals for modern
warfare 3 that you said a while ago if
you guys didn't remember or if you guys
didn't know your new subscribers keep in
mind I've gained about 40 subscribers in
like the past two days and that is
absolutely shocking to me considering um
you know how long it's taken me to gain
subscribers just because of how small my
channel is but I actually got a shout
out from nero cinema and i got a little
mini shutout from ones the redemption -
so i gained about 40 subs in the past
two days which is you know awesome
really glad about that so if you guys
are from either nero or wings wings this
channel thank you guys appreciate that
so if you guys are new because you know
it was a lot of new subs watching my
videos I set three goals one model for
three first came out and my goals were
to well the first one was to get a 100
kill game in modern warfare 3 which I
still have not completed my other one
was to get a 50k d-flawless or higher
gameplay so I have to get a game with at
least 50 kills the KD has to be higher
than 50 and it has to be flawless I
became that and a double Moab I actually
have not been able to get a double mob
yet this is my first double Moab I'm not
quite sure - actually if I'm going to
count it as a double Moab because the
way I obtained it this is really kind of
cheap tactic that I use to get the
double Moab I wasn't really going for
one I was just kidding you know it's fun
on two decent streaks while using
specialists so yeah so let me get into
what this gameplay is first this is the
first time I've ever done this in modern
warfare 3 and the first time I've ever
done this in Call of Duty actually so
what this is is that the game-mode
sabotage has six set spawns well five
because you can cut one off so you have
five guys at spawn trap and you have a
six guy that just runs around the map
and waits for some to take some one spot
when they die so this is what I'm doing
during this gameplay is doing a sabotage
spawn trap and
I know some people gonna be like wow
Chris I can't believe you actually do
this this is what you know those fags do
you know like this is kind of like you
know abusing the game mechanics and yes
it is
but this is a very first time I've ever
done this I don't plan on doing this
probably ever again I doubt I'll be I'll
be doing this even one more time
throughout modern warfare 3 just because
I think it's kind of cheap and it's a
little bit frowned upon amongst the
community I don't really have that big
of a problem with it but you know I
don't want a reputation that this is how
I you know do good at call of duty
because I only did this for two games
and you know it was fun don't get me
wrong it is kind of fun but you know
it's not how I want to play call of duty
everyone is free to out do it you know
how however they want played however
they want but that's not really - my
play style I'm more of a domination guy
and yeah I just like kind of run around
and do my own thing so um what this kind
of does is um this spawn trap is you
know they don't really have a chance
once you've locked them in it which you
know kind of sucks but I'm not quite
sure if they're ever going to fix this
in Call of Duty because I know black ops
demolition it was exactly like this
except for the fact that sabotage has a
respawn timer so when you die you have
to wait a certain uh couple of seconds
to spawn that's why I'm keep cutting out
spots and just showing you every kill I
got in the Moab streak itself it's just
- pretty much cut through time and you
know
there's certain times when they don't
spawn into a little bit because the team
left or they're spawning and the other
five spawns that are on my teammates are
covering and I just don't want to show
you guys me sitting here a de-essing for
like I think this was like a ten minute
game player like a twelve minute
gameplay so I thought I'd just cut it
out a little portion of it so yeah I'm
not quite sure where all the other spots
are in the map this spawn trap because I
haven't really done this before this is
the only spot that I know of so this is
a my teammates told me to sit and just
aim and yes that little corner area
right here in front of me um I have a
feeling you know some people are gonna
be like well this is why your KD is so
high I just have a feeling that there's
someone that says that and it's not true
I've only done this twice and until
yesterday my KD barely went up
considering I have so many kills and
deaths and you know this is not how I
normally play I just want to really
stress that and get that out there that
you know I don't do this on the regular
basis because some people can be kind of
stubborn and I've had had like a UH I
guess you could say if my own hater
running around my channel a guy who
actually went ahead and made two
different accounts do you know hate on
my channel and you know of course that's
gonna happen over time people don't like
you know I don't really care you know it
doesn't really get to me or bug me that
much at all so yeah you guys can see I
pick up my Moab right there well
actually I was my second molybdenum so
uh yeah this is kind of a really really
easy way to boost your KD or you know
get my labs I could probably get a quad
Moab or like a five man Moab it really
wouldn't be that difficult all I would
need to do is just you know wait longer
in the game to plant the bomb or you
know just have the right team that
doesn't back out because we had a team
well this game only had about two
players in it for about five minutes so
it made the game extremely slow and
right around here um my teammate died so
I wanted to go take a spot but I just
end up heading back to my spot so I've
already obtained my double mobs waiting
and called a second one in the things
that I really like about this doing this
likes that little mini sabotage spawn
trap is that I kind of feel bad for the
enemy team now some people argue and I
have heard people do this argument where
you know the enemy team at the start of
the game they're not spawn trapped at
the start so they have a chain
ants to you know fight out and break it
which is true but once you haven't
walked down it's kind of not very fair
but uh I guess you know that's the way
it is I'm not gonna go bird man up in
here and you know do this 24/7 because
you know just not my style
something I want to let you guys know is
that I'm ending my ghost town series for
this week
if you guys not aware of what that is is
that this past Monday when the model for
three weekly leader boards reset like
they do every Monday I was going to see
how I could get my KD and how I can get
my win loss when I'm going to stop it
today well I haven't done I didn't do it
yesterday so technically I stopped
yesterday and that was because I spent a
token on double weapon XP and I wanted
to level up shotguns and I was doing
really bad using shotguns and the point
the whole point of this series was to
play is like defensive as possible and
you know um use like the most
overpowered guns and stuff like that and
not use shotguns and like snipers like I
was doing and plus I did this and I
don't want to do this during the ghost
town series because of my KD would be
too high
anyways guys a final score 73 and 6 I
will have another part of the black ops
live come up tomorrow please